Hello my name is curial or Manco.
And welcome to the statistics for business analytics.
Is that core is
so what's this course all about.
Well statistics can be a daunting topic to even consider let alone learn or relearn.
And that's why I decided to put this course together for you for those people who are business analysts
or data scientists and need a refresher on statistics because the statistics in a business setting is
very important.
It's a skill that is highly under-rated so not many business analyst or data scientists actually actively
apply it in their work but it totally should be because of things like statistical significance and
confidence in your findings.
What's the point of reporting results if you're not confident in those results and how can you make
business decisions or results which are not statistically reliable.
That's why in this course we're going to discuss a lot of things that are specifically applicable in
a business setting when you talk about distributions.
The central limit theorem.
Hypothesis Testing statistical significance confidence intervals and much much more.
This will allow you to take all that knowledge away and apply it in your role in your career.
And moreover this course is made in a very very fun way.
We've got a lot of examples so it's very practical it's just boring theory.
We're actually going through practical examples all the time and they're all tailored to the real world
to the business world these are real challenges that come up in the real world so you get to see how
the ads can actually be applied.
Plus you can always ask any statistical questions that come up as you're going through the materials
and will be there to help you out.
You can always come back to the course watch and watch and really learn these things as these challenges
come up in your career.
If that sounds like something you've been looking for that click the take this course now and join the
class and together we'll take your career to the next level.